Hello, sir.
Do you have an appointment? My name is Wang Yalei.
Certainly, Mr Wang.
Your private room is on the second floor.
Brother Wang on the second floor is too generous
Who doesn't know that Fuping Hotel has a total of three floors
Private rooms are only available above the second floor.
The higher the floor, the more expensive the private room.
The more prominent the status
Ordinary people have identity authentication when they enter the first floor to eat
Brother Fang can actually book a private room on the second floor
Real cow
Hello, it's over there.
This way, please.
Hello Mr. Ye
Do you know him?
Black Diamond VIP is our supreme guest
We must remember your appearance as a sign of respect
Please take your seat first
I'll go and inform the manager.
It's a pleasure to host you.
Pardon me?
Ye Bo and his girlfriend came to us for dinner
Yes, yes, Mr. Ye
Uh Mr. Davis
Released his photo across the group the day before yesterday
I remember clearly that it was him
But uh
Manager, why don't you receive him in person?
Oh, am I good enough?
Ah, what to do then?
So Mr. Davis happens to be my guest today
I'll go over and ask him for instructions myself
That's all.